<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
                <!DOCTYPE html [
                <!ENTITY cp_businessObjectClass "Access Control Encoding Specification for Information Security Markings">
                <!ENTITY cp_object "ISM-ACES">
                <!ENTITY cp_objectCaseSensitive "IsmAces">]><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <head>
      <title>&cp_object; v2021-NOV Package Description </title>
   </head>
    <body>
        <h1 style="text-align:center">UNCLASSIFIED</h1>
        <h1>&cp_object; v2021-NOV Package Description </h1>
        <p>&cp_businessObjectClass; (&cp_object;)
            consists of many files all packaged here for you. This is a simple guide to the layout
            of this package. Before attempting to follow the links in this guide, please ensure that
            you have extracted the files from the zip file; otherwise, the links will not work.
        </p>
               
        <ul>
            <li id="PACKAGE_CONTENTS">
                <p>CONTENTS</p>
                <p>The following components may be included in the package:</p>
                <ul>
                    <!--li><p>XYZ*_DED.pdf</p>
                        <p>A single human friendly document representation of the data element
                            dictionary for the XYZ Specification</p></li-->
                    <li>
                  <p>XYZ*_Rules.pdf</p>
                        <p>A single human friendly document representation of all the 
                            Schematron rules for the XYZ Specification</p>
               </li>
                    <li>
                  <p>XYZ*_Schema.pdf</p>
                        <p>A single human friendly document representation of the schema for the XYZ
                            Specification</p>
               </li>
                    <li>
                  <p>XYZ*_XSL.pdf</p>
                        <p>A single human friendly document representation of all the 
                            XSLs for the XYZ Specification</p>
               </li>
                    <li>
                  <p>XYZ*_XSPEC.pdf</p>
                        <p>A single human friendly document representation of all the 
                            XSPECs for the XYZ Specification</p>
               </li>
                    <li>
                  <p>XYZ*CVEnums.pdf</p>
                        <p>A single human friendly document representation of all the 
                            Common Value Enumeration Tokens and their Descriptions for the XYZ 
                            Specification</p>
               </li>
                    <li>
                  <p>XYZ*Examples.pdf</p>
                        <p>A single human friendly document representation of all the 
                            included examples for the XYZ Specification</p>
               </li>
                    <li>
                  <p>Des*Xml.pdf</p>
                        <p>The primary description and implementation guide for the XYZ Data 
                            Encoding Specification</p>
               </li>
                    <li>
                  <p>Ces*Xml.pdf </p>
                        <p>The primary description and implementation guide for the XYZ
                             CVE Encoding Specification</p>
               </li>
                    <li>
                  <p>Annex / FOUO Annex</p>
                        <p>Additional information and guidance for the XYZ 
                            Specification that is either UNCLASSIFIED, but not publicly releasable or 
                            at the U//FOUO level</p>
               </li>
                    <li>
                  <p>SECRET Annex</p>
                        <p>Additional information and guidance for the XYZ Specification, 
                            at the SECRET level (either NOFORN or RELTO)</p>
               </li>
                    <li>
                  <p>TetragraphTaxonomy.pdf</p>
                        <p>A single human friendly document representation of 
                            the Tetragraph Taxonomy XML file</p>
               </li>
                </ul>
            </li>
            
            <!--li id="DED">
                <p>Dictionary</p>
                <p id="DED_STANDALONE">The data element dictionary file to implement this specification excluding dependencies.</p>
                <p id="DED_CONVENIENCE">Complete set of data element dictionary files to implement this specification including 
                    all required dependencies and their respective PDF copy (if they exist since PDFs only exist 
                    for IC-maintained specifications).</p>
            </li>
            <li id="DED_NO_DED">
                <p>Dictionary</p>
                <p>This specification does not include a data element dictionary file. If dependent specifications have dictionary files, 
                    they will not be included in this package.  The dependent specification dictionary files may be 
                    obtained from the respective specification package.               
                </p>                
            </li-->
            <li>
            <p>Documentation</p>
                <p id="CONVENIENCE_DES">This includes all of the specifications upon which 
                    this specification is dependent.</p>
                
                <ul>
               <li>ISM-ACES version
                        2021-NOV<ul>
                     <li>
                        <a href="./Documents/ISM-ACES/AcesISMXml.pdf">AcesISMXml.pdf</a>
                     </li>
                  </ul>
               </li>
               <li>IC-SF
                                    version 2021-NOV<ul>
                     <li>
                        <a href="./Documents/IC-SF/DesSfIcXml.pdf">DesSfIcXml.pdf</a>
                     </li>
                  </ul>
               </li>
            </ul>
            </li>
            
            <li id="EXAMPLES_NO_SCHEMA">
                <p>Examples</p>
                <p>This specification does not include a schema file and does not include
                    example instance documents.  If dependent specifications have example files, they will not be included
                    in this package.  The dependent specification example files may be obtained from the respective 
                    specification package.               
                </p>                
            </li>
            
            <li id="SCHEMA_NO_SCHEMA">
                <p>Schema</p>
                <p>This specification does not include a schema file. If dependent specifications have schema files, 
                    they will not be included in this package.  The dependent specification schema files may be 
                    obtained from the respective specification package.               
                </p>                
            </li>
            
            
            <li id="SCHEMATRON_NO_SCHEMA">
                <p>Schematron</p>
                <p>This specification does not include a schema file and does not include
                    schematron files.  If dependent specifications have schematron files, they will not be included
                    in this package.  The dependent specification schematron files may be obtained from the respective 
                    specification package.</p>
            </li>
            
            
            
            
            
            <li>
            <p>
               <a href="./manifest.md5">manifest.md5</a>
            </p>
                <p>This file contains an MD5 checksum of every file in the package. It can be used to 
                    determine if any of the files were corrupted in unzipping or if you have modified 
                    a file.</p>
            </li>
            <li>
            <p><a href="./ISM-ACESpackage.properties">ISM-ACESpackage.properties</a></p>
                <p>This file contains information concerning the version, classification, and build
                    time for the package.</p>
            </li>
            <li id="IMAGE">
            <p>This image displays the general specification dependency tree of other IC specifications
                used by this specification. It uses orange coloring to denote specifications that have
                been updated in conjunction with this release. White coloring indicates no recent change.  Specifications with no 
                dependencies will not have an image.</p>
                <html:img xmlns:html="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
                      style="width:75%; height:auto;"
                      src="./Documents/ISM-ACES-DependDiagram.png"
                      alt="Related specification diagram"/>
            </li>
            <li>
            <p>The ISM-ACES specification does not have inverse dependencies.</p>
         </li>
        </ul>
        <h1 style="text-align:center">UNCLASSIFIED</h1>
    </body>
</html>
